src/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS/README.md, before:

[![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a7bca22-bd0c-45cc-b847-8ea0b7776a6f)](https://devolutions.net/)

Custom Avalonia Themes developed by [Devolutions](https://devolutions.net/)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/actions/workflows/build-package.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/actions/workflows/build-package.yml)
[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS)
![NuGet Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS)

## MacOS Theme [Work in Progress]

(Inspired
by [@MikeCodesDotNET's earlier draft](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia/issues/14880#issuecomment-1985425341))

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/33d9a103-936f-4db3-b5cc-520a5ccdaf60)

This theme is currently based
on [Avalonia.Themes.Fluent](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia/tree/759facea182b7771ce07baf173c52529f4871004/src/Avalonia.Themes.Fluent),
both as a fallback for any controls not covered yet and as starting point for our (somewhat simplified)
style definitions targeting AppKit macOS look.

While we are prioritizing controls
for [Devolutions Remote Desktop Manager](https://devolutions.net/remote-desktop-manager/) initially,
the goal is to create a theme that helps all of the Avalonia community to bring a native look to their macOS apps.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Styled Controls](#styled-controls)
  - ✅ Available in the current build
    - [AutoCompleteBox](#autocompletebox)
    - [Button](#button)
    - [ButtonSpinner](#buttonspinner)
    - [Calendar](#calendar)
      - [CalendarButton](#calendarbutton)
      - [CalendarDatePicker](#calendardatepicker)
      - [CalendarDayButton](#calendardaybutton)
      - [CalendarItem](#calendaritem)
    - [CheckBox](#checkbox)
    - [ComboBox](#combobox)
      - [ComboBoxItem](#comboboxitem)
    - [ContextMenu](#contextmenu)
    - [DataGrid](#datagrid)
    - [EditableComboBox](#editablecombobox) ([Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md))
    - [Expander](#expander)
    - [GridSplitter](#gridsplitter)
    - [ListBox](#listbox)
      - [ListBoxItem](#listboxitem)
    - [Menu](#menu)
    - [MenuFlyoutPresenter](#menuflyoutpresenter)
    - [MenuItem](#menuitem)
    - [NumericUpDown](#numericupdown)
      - [ButtonSpinner](#buttonspinner)
    - [RadioButton](#radiobutton)
    - [ScrollViewer](#scrollviewer)
      - [ScrollBar](#scrollbar)
    - [Separator](#separator)
    - [TabControl](#tabcontrol)
      - [TabItem](#tabitem)
    - [TagInput](#taginput) ([Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md))
    - [TextBox](#textbox)
    - [ToggleSwitch](#toggleswitch) (basic switch only)
    - [ToolTip](#tooltip)
    - [TreeView](#treeview)
      - [TreeViewItem](#treeviewitem)
    - [Window](#window)
    - Dark mode support
    - Limited inactive window behaviour (Accent colours switch to subdued look)
  - 🚧 In progress ...
    - small improvements & fixes, some code cleanup
    - SplitButton
    - CheckBoxListBox [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)
  
    - MultiComboBox [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)
  - 🔮 Next on the road map ...
    - DropDownButton

## Installation

Install the Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS package
via [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS):

``` bash
Install-Package Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS
```

or .NET

```bash
dotnet add package Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS
```

In your App.axaml, replace the existing theme (e.g. `<FluentTheme />` or `<SimpleTheme />`) with the macOS theme:

``` xaml
<Application ...>
  <Application.Styles>
     <DevolutionsMacOsTheme />
  </Application.Styles>
</Application>
```

**Note:** Some global Styles will also be loaded by default, you can opt out by setting `GlobalStyles` to false (`<DevolutionsMacOsTheme GlobalStyles="False" />`). GlobalStyles are also available as a separate tag `<DevolutionsMacOsThemeGlobalStyles />` to cover scenarios where consumers would like to scope them to some control instead of including them globally. This is may be necessary to prevent styles from "bleeding out" in cases where that might be undesirable.

## Styled Controls

Most of the images below are screenshots from the [SampleApp test and demo pages](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/tree/master/samples/SampleApp/DemoPages) - feel free to check out the code there for more detailed usage examples.

||| 
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|||
|| <h3>AdornerLayer</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>AutoCompleteBox</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4e939c0-6516-499f-b3e7-8c68e8be2770" alt="AutoCompleteBox demo" style="width: 460px; max-width: 100%;"> <br /><br />  ➡️ See also [EditableComboBox](#editablecombobox) in our [custom controls](https://github.com/Devolutionsavalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)|
|✅ | <h3>Button</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/49093553-a8b6-4cbe-b7a5-7c8f6a8ead3b" alt="Buttons demo" style="width: 300px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>CalendarDatePicker</h3> <h4>Calendar</h4> <h4>CalendarItem</h4> <h4>CalendarButton</h4> <h4>CalendarDayButton</h4> |
|| <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27ab5934-2b67-439e-b651-ee96aa173a3e" style="width: 488px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /> <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86284afe-c84d-4761-9a40-a72146b56db5" style="width: 543px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /> <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d65388f-3b8f-4055-ae35-dd71f9047b1d" style="width: 488px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /> <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/07410b9f-79df-43ac-bba5-502216f33f29" style="width: 543px; max-width: 100%;" />  <br /> **Note:** `MinWidth` is set to comfortably accommodate short date formats &amp; the corresponding default watermark when `HorizontalAlignment` is set to anything other than the default (`Stretch`).<br /><br />If you set `SelectedDateFormat="Long"` you will have to override `MinWidth` to the longest expected string length, depending on supported languages. Otherwise the control's width will jump when the date is changed. |
|| <h3>CaptionButtons</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>Carousel</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>CheckBox</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/30182450-b339-49d4-9aab-96cef627d0ca" alt="CheckBox demo" style="width: 723px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>ComboBox</h3> <h4>ComboBoxItem</h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7a8ed69e-1e1c-4218-9b97-591f5b7baaba" alt="ComboBox demo" style="width: 461px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>ContextMenu</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72a2c409-da86-4ff9-8bac-2be7c0ef2b7d" alt="ContextMenu demo" style="width: 316px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>DataGrid</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2810997d-3bfb-4ba0-9d7e-19f483733fd4" alt="DataGrid demo" style="width: 955px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />The editable field still has an issue, forcing the row to be slightly higher than the others <br /><br /><strong>Grouped Data</strong><br /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0b1f3dfc-79bc-477a-8418-fda1258c2d1d" alt="Grouped DataGrid demo" style="width: 1047px; max-width: 100%;" />   |
|| <h3>DataValidationErrors</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>DatePicker</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>DateTimePickerShared</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>DropDownButton</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>EditableComboBox</h3> |
|| [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)<br /><br /><img alt="EditableComboBox" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa4e16a-461b-4ffd-9420-b180d0c7bb9a" style="width: 431px; max-width: 100%;"/><br /><br /><img alt="EditableComboBox - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eef1d34d-ce7e-4386-bc30-2ad165151f7b" style="width: 431px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>EmbeddableControlRoot</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>Expander</h3> |
|| <img alt="Expanders" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/106e240f-a2e2-4a7b-a782-f0b159ebef42" style="width: 880px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><img alt="Expanders - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd87abed-256d-46b7-9bf0-3622c64f80de" style="width: 894px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><img alt="Expander expanded" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/19992249-9896-43d2-9e52-5caf2562db22" style="width: 880px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><img alt="Expander expanded - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/910c456d-8971-41f4-91f5-7ecb4d38b46a" style="width: 894px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>FluentControls</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>FlyoutPresenter</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>GridSplitter</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/df3b0ff0-9f71-4a06-b579-4411949bee1a" alt="GridSplitter" style="width: 513px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>HeaderedContentControl</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>HyperlinkButton</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ItemsControl</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>Label</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>ListBox</h3> <h4>ListBoxItem</h4> |
|| <img alt="Basic ListBox" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d759f36-7f42-4866-9d48-aded0ee38a0e" style="width: 901px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="ListBox demos" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af7c355b-5cd9-4ab3-9377-12123e687d0c" style="width: 817px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="Multi-column ListBox demos" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54eb0b14-a7be-43cf-a938-babc7259c687" style="width: 972px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="Multi-column ListBoxes with scrollbars" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f190dec6-6aa9-467d-a2e5-358c8f363a47" style="width: 551px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="ListBox demos - darkmode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/697e2b93-f49e-4aa0-8fbe-eb8428e88195" style="width: 973px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>ManagedFileChooser</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>Menu</h3> |
|| <img alt="Main menu" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3b70c05-9bdc-4437-ba8f-9e098b7b7123" style="width: 266px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><br />`Classes="MacOS_Theme_MenuLabelBelowIcon"` for toolbar-style menus<br /><img alt="Large toolbar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/791a9d1c-3272-4229-9db4-4bf20399a0d0" style="width: 341px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="Small toolbar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2f433c00-7965-4ffa-a3c5-1fc5712b2f48" style="width: 155px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><br />`Classes="MacOS_Theme_MenuItemIconOnly"` to hide labels completely<br />`Classes="MacOS_Theme_MenuOpensAbove"` for bottom-placed menus<br /><img alt="Bottom toolbar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bfc4a22a-6a12-4197-aef5-cc044ba3e7a4" style="width: 236px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>MenuFlyoutPresenter</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/085eca28-d703-44e4-9392-35bb7b0ffc57" alt="MenuFlyout demo" style="width: 629px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fccf7dac-6b17-49ad-ad59-c7393f97532b" alt="MenuFlyout demo" style="width: 629px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>MenuItem</h3> |
|| See [Menu](#menu), [MenuFlyoutPresenter](#menuflyoutpresenter), [ContextMenu](#contextmenu) |
|| <h3>MenuScrollViewer</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>NotificationCard</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>NumericUpDown</h3> <h4>ButtonSpinner</h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a58375d7-1987-4182-b7f2-03f2bf499193" alt="NumericUpDown demo" style="width: 172px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>OverlayPopupHost</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>PathIcon</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>PopupRoot</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ProgressBar</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>RadioButton</h3> |
|| <img alt="RadioButton demos" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0097ffc-47ef-4553-bda0-2764f4254d8c" style="width: 313px; max-width: 100%;" /><img alt="RadioButton demos - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4705b961-6c14-4882-aeed-fd9b2fd2a6ce" style="width: 313px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>RefreshContainer</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>RefreshVisualizer</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>RepeatButton</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>ScrollViewer</h3> <h4>ScrollBar</h4> |
|| Default:<br /><img alt="ScrollViewer - default" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71bbd1ea-c2ec-44b6-a943-6f51dd0a3e65" style="width: 415px; max-width: 100%;" /><br />`AllowAutoHide="False"`:<br /><img alt="ScrollViewer - AllowAutoHide false" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60116d7d-90a0-49b2-9736-f9d7715e89e8" style="width: 418px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><br />Note that even with `AllowAutoHide="True"` the scrollbars won't completely hide. This is intentional, since scrolling events will not trigger a 'show' (only moving the pointer directly over the track area will) - so completely hiding would be confusing. <br /><br />Mousing over one of the track areas will make the thumb bar grow wider and darker and the track appears. To suppress this behaviour (e.g. on images) use `Classes="MacOS_TransparentTrack"` |
|| <h3>SelectableTextBlock</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>Separator</h3> |
|| See [Menu](#menu), [MenuFlyoutPresenter](#menuflyoutpresenter), [ContextMenu](#contextmenu) |
|| <h3>Slider</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>SplitButton</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>SplitView</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>TabControl</h3> <h4>TabItem<h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4f88ce2c-59f9-4f85-b2db-a47fe0301472" alt="TabControl demo" style="width: 515px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />Vertical tabs may still need some work |
|| <h3>TabStrip</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>TabStripItem</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>TagInput</h3> |
|| [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)<br /><br /><img alt="TagInput" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89e264d1-fa20-4273-bb75-eb8e8a6806fc" style="width: 522px; max-width: 100%;"/><br /><br /><img alt="TagInput - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/febebb74-0b6e-4cd6-beaf-0d5b887e0939" style="width: 522px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>TextBox</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/47930d85-ec80-44b4-802d-6fe72d81bee4" alt="TextBoxdemo" style="width: 343px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />There appears to be no easy way for styling the caret thickness and margin |
|| <h3>TextSelectionHandle</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ThemeVariantScope</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>TimePicker</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>TitleBar</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ToggleButton</h3> |
|||
|(✅) | <h3>ToggleSwitch</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3fb54744-283e-4848-9da8-b6f4bd9923c1" alt="ToggleSwitch" style="width: 382px; max-width: 100%;" /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e9428a6d-ac3d-4e60-a770-e1365cbdb3d3" alt="ToggleSwitch dark mode" style="width: 382px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>ToolTip</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/92d9e28e-c955-4643-9d50-ee785f19bbb9" alt="ToolTipdemo - light" style="width: 300px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1de29b7a-25e8-4f41-985d-fb2e4f687c1b" alt="ToolTip demo - dark" style="width: 300px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>TransitioningContentControl</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>TreeView</h3> <h4>TreeViewItem<h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67a61905-e71e-4799-92c7-018c9342c7ed" alt="TabControl demo" style="width: 715px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />Use `Classes="MacOS_Theme_AlternatingRowColor"` to achieve striped background.  (Cannot currently be rendered with rounded corners & breaks when default TreeViewItem height is altered (see comment in ThemeResources.axaml))|
|✅ | <h3>Window</h3> |
|| Controls inherit basic MacOS-specific Fore-/Background & Font styling from Window (or EmbeddableControlRoot)|
|| <h3>WindowNotificationManager</h3> |
|||

Commit message:

[Documentation] Link Baseline screenshots as up-to-date visual reference

src/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS/README.md, after:

[![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a7bca22-bd0c-45cc-b847-8ea0b7776a6f)](https://devolutions.net/)

Custom Avalonia Themes developed by [Devolutions](https://devolutions.net/)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/actions/workflows/build-package.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/actions/workflows/build-package.yml)
[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS)
![NuGet Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS)

## MacOS Theme [Work in Progress]

(Inspired
by [@MikeCodesDotNET's earlier draft](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia/issues/14880#issuecomment-1985425341))

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/33d9a103-936f-4db3-b5cc-520a5ccdaf60)

This theme is currently based
on [Avalonia.Themes.Fluent](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia/tree/759facea182b7771ce07baf173c52529f4871004/src/Avalonia.Themes.Fluent),
both as a fallback for any controls not covered yet and as starting point for our (somewhat simplified)
style definitions targeting AppKit macOS look.

While we are prioritizing controls
for [Devolutions Remote Desktop Manager](https://devolutions.net/remote-desktop-manager/) initially,
the goal is to create a theme that helps all of the Avalonia community to bring a native look to their macOS apps.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Styled Controls](#styled-controls)
  - ✅ Available in the current build
    - [AutoCompleteBox](#autocompletebox)
    - [Button](#button)
    - [ButtonSpinner](#buttonspinner)
    - [Calendar](#calendar)
      - [CalendarButton](#calendarbutton)
      - [CalendarDatePicker](#calendardatepicker)
      - [CalendarDayButton](#calendardaybutton)
      - [CalendarItem](#calendaritem)
    - [CheckBox](#checkbox)
    - [ComboBox](#combobox)
      - [ComboBoxItem](#comboboxitem)
    - [ContextMenu](#contextmenu)
    - [DataGrid](#datagrid)
    - [EditableComboBox](#editablecombobox) ([Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md))
    - [Expander](#expander)
    - [GridSplitter](#gridsplitter)
    - [ListBox](#listbox)
      - [ListBoxItem](#listboxitem)
    - [Menu](#menu)
    - [MenuFlyoutPresenter](#menuflyoutpresenter)
    - [MenuItem](#menuitem)
    - [NumericUpDown](#numericupdown)
      - [ButtonSpinner](#buttonspinner)
    - [RadioButton](#radiobutton)
    - [ScrollViewer](#scrollviewer)
      - [ScrollBar](#scrollbar)
    - [Separator](#separator)
    - [TabControl](#tabcontrol)
      - [TabItem](#tabitem)
    - [TagInput](#taginput) ([Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md))
    - [TextBox](#textbox)
    - [ToggleSwitch](#toggleswitch) (basic switch only)
    - [ToolTip](#tooltip)
    - [TreeView](#treeview)
      - [TreeViewItem](#treeviewitem)
    - [Window](#window)
    - Dark mode support
    - Limited inactive window behaviour (Accent colours switch to subdued look)
  - 🚧 In progress ...
    - small improvements & fixes, some code cleanup
    - SplitButton
    - CheckBoxListBox [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)
  
    - MultiComboBox [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)
  - 🔮 Next on the road map ...
    - DropDownButton

## Installation

Install the Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS package
via [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS):

``` bash
Install-Package Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS
```

or .NET

```bash
dotnet add package Devolutions.AvaloniaTheme.MacOS
```

In your App.axaml, replace the existing theme (e.g. `<FluentTheme />` or `<SimpleTheme />`) with the macOS theme:

``` xaml
<Application ...>
  <Application.Styles>
     <DevolutionsMacOsTheme />
  </Application.Styles>
</Application>
```

**Note:** Some global Styles will also be loaded by default, you can opt out by setting `GlobalStyles` to false (`<DevolutionsMacOsTheme GlobalStyles="False" />`). GlobalStyles are also available as a separate tag `<DevolutionsMacOsThemeGlobalStyles />` to cover scenarios where consumers would like to scope them to some control instead of including them globally. This is may be necessary to prevent styles from "bleeding out" in cases where that might be undesirable.

## Styled Controls

Most of the images below are screenshots from the [SampleApp test and demo pages](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/tree/master/samples/SampleApp/DemoPages) - feel free to check out the code there for more detailed usage examples.

For an always up-to-date visual reference you can also browse the [baseline screenshots](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/tree/master/tests/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls.VisualTests/Screenshots/Baseline/MacClassic).

||| 
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|||
|| <h3>AdornerLayer</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>AutoCompleteBox</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4e939c0-6516-499f-b3e7-8c68e8be2770" alt="AutoCompleteBox demo" style="width: 460px; max-width: 100%;"> <br /><br />  ➡️ See also [EditableComboBox](#editablecombobox) in our [custom controls](https://github.com/Devolutionsavalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)|
|✅ | <h3>Button</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/49093553-a8b6-4cbe-b7a5-7c8f6a8ead3b" alt="Buttons demo" style="width: 300px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>CalendarDatePicker</h3> <h4>Calendar</h4> <h4>CalendarItem</h4> <h4>CalendarButton</h4> <h4>CalendarDayButton</h4> |
|| <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27ab5934-2b67-439e-b651-ee96aa173a3e" style="width: 488px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /> <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86284afe-c84d-4761-9a40-a72146b56db5" style="width: 543px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /> <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d65388f-3b8f-4055-ae35-dd71f9047b1d" style="width: 488px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /> <img alt="CalendarDatePicker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/07410b9f-79df-43ac-bba5-502216f33f29" style="width: 543px; max-width: 100%;" />  <br /> **Note:** `MinWidth` is set to comfortably accommodate short date formats &amp; the corresponding default watermark when `HorizontalAlignment` is set to anything other than the default (`Stretch`).<br /><br />If you set `SelectedDateFormat="Long"` you will have to override `MinWidth` to the longest expected string length, depending on supported languages. Otherwise the control's width will jump when the date is changed. |
|| <h3>CaptionButtons</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>Carousel</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>CheckBox</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/30182450-b339-49d4-9aab-96cef627d0ca" alt="CheckBox demo" style="width: 723px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>ComboBox</h3> <h4>ComboBoxItem</h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7a8ed69e-1e1c-4218-9b97-591f5b7baaba" alt="ComboBox demo" style="width: 461px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>ContextMenu</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72a2c409-da86-4ff9-8bac-2be7c0ef2b7d" alt="ContextMenu demo" style="width: 316px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>DataGrid</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2810997d-3bfb-4ba0-9d7e-19f483733fd4" alt="DataGrid demo" style="width: 955px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />The editable field still has an issue, forcing the row to be slightly higher than the others <br /><br /><strong>Grouped Data</strong><br /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0b1f3dfc-79bc-477a-8418-fda1258c2d1d" alt="Grouped DataGrid demo" style="width: 1047px; max-width: 100%;" />   |
|| <h3>DataValidationErrors</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>DatePicker</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>DateTimePickerShared</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>DropDownButton</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>EditableComboBox</h3> |
|| [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)<br /><br /><img alt="EditableComboBox" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa4e16a-461b-4ffd-9420-b180d0c7bb9a" style="width: 431px; max-width: 100%;"/><br /><br /><img alt="EditableComboBox - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eef1d34d-ce7e-4386-bc30-2ad165151f7b" style="width: 431px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>EmbeddableControlRoot</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>Expander</h3> |
|| <img alt="Expanders" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/106e240f-a2e2-4a7b-a782-f0b159ebef42" style="width: 880px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><img alt="Expanders - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd87abed-256d-46b7-9bf0-3622c64f80de" style="width: 894px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><img alt="Expander expanded" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/19992249-9896-43d2-9e52-5caf2562db22" style="width: 880px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><img alt="Expander expanded - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/910c456d-8971-41f4-91f5-7ecb4d38b46a" style="width: 894px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>FluentControls</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>FlyoutPresenter</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>GridSplitter</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/df3b0ff0-9f71-4a06-b579-4411949bee1a" alt="GridSplitter" style="width: 513px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>HeaderedContentControl</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>HyperlinkButton</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ItemsControl</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>Label</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>ListBox</h3> <h4>ListBoxItem</h4> |
|| <img alt="Basic ListBox" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d759f36-7f42-4866-9d48-aded0ee38a0e" style="width: 901px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="ListBox demos" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af7c355b-5cd9-4ab3-9377-12123e687d0c" style="width: 817px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="Multi-column ListBox demos" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54eb0b14-a7be-43cf-a938-babc7259c687" style="width: 972px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="Multi-column ListBoxes with scrollbars" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f190dec6-6aa9-467d-a2e5-358c8f363a47" style="width: 551px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="ListBox demos - darkmode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/697e2b93-f49e-4aa0-8fbe-eb8428e88195" style="width: 973px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>ManagedFileChooser</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>Menu</h3> |
|| <img alt="Main menu" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3b70c05-9bdc-4437-ba8f-9e098b7b7123" style="width: 266px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><br />`Classes="MacOS_Theme_MenuLabelBelowIcon"` for toolbar-style menus<br /><img alt="Large toolbar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/791a9d1c-3272-4229-9db4-4bf20399a0d0" style="width: 341px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img alt="Small toolbar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2f433c00-7965-4ffa-a3c5-1fc5712b2f48" style="width: 155px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><br />`Classes="MacOS_Theme_MenuItemIconOnly"` to hide labels completely<br />`Classes="MacOS_Theme_MenuOpensAbove"` for bottom-placed menus<br /><img alt="Bottom toolbar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bfc4a22a-6a12-4197-aef5-cc044ba3e7a4" style="width: 236px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>MenuFlyoutPresenter</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/085eca28-d703-44e4-9392-35bb7b0ffc57" alt="MenuFlyout demo" style="width: 629px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fccf7dac-6b17-49ad-ad59-c7393f97532b" alt="MenuFlyout demo" style="width: 629px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>MenuItem</h3> |
|| See [Menu](#menu), [MenuFlyoutPresenter](#menuflyoutpresenter), [ContextMenu](#contextmenu) |
|| <h3>MenuScrollViewer</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>NotificationCard</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>NumericUpDown</h3> <h4>ButtonSpinner</h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a58375d7-1987-4182-b7f2-03f2bf499193" alt="NumericUpDown demo" style="width: 172px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>OverlayPopupHost</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>PathIcon</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>PopupRoot</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ProgressBar</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>RadioButton</h3> |
|| <img alt="RadioButton demos" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0097ffc-47ef-4553-bda0-2764f4254d8c" style="width: 313px; max-width: 100%;" /><img alt="RadioButton demos - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4705b961-6c14-4882-aeed-fd9b2fd2a6ce" style="width: 313px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>RefreshContainer</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>RefreshVisualizer</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>RepeatButton</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>ScrollViewer</h3> <h4>ScrollBar</h4> |
|| Default:<br /><img alt="ScrollViewer - default" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71bbd1ea-c2ec-44b6-a943-6f51dd0a3e65" style="width: 415px; max-width: 100%;" /><br />`AllowAutoHide="False"`:<br /><img alt="ScrollViewer - AllowAutoHide false" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60116d7d-90a0-49b2-9736-f9d7715e89e8" style="width: 418px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br /><br />Note that even with `AllowAutoHide="True"` the scrollbars won't completely hide. This is intentional, since scrolling events will not trigger a 'show' (only moving the pointer directly over the track area will) - so completely hiding would be confusing. <br /><br />Mousing over one of the track areas will make the thumb bar grow wider and darker and the track appears. To suppress this behaviour (e.g. on images) use `Classes="MacOS_TransparentTrack"` |
|| <h3>SelectableTextBlock</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>Separator</h3> |
|| See [Menu](#menu), [MenuFlyoutPresenter](#menuflyoutpresenter), [ContextMenu](#contextmenu) |
|| <h3>Slider</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>SplitButton</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>SplitView</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>TabControl</h3> <h4>TabItem<h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4f88ce2c-59f9-4f85-b2db-a47fe0301472" alt="TabControl demo" style="width: 515px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />Vertical tabs may still need some work |
|| <h3>TabStrip</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>TabStripItem</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>TagInput</h3> |
|| [Custom control](https://github.com/Devolutions/avalonia-extensions/blob/master/src/Devolutions.AvaloniaControls/README.md)<br /><br /><img alt="TagInput" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89e264d1-fa20-4273-bb75-eb8e8a6806fc" style="width: 522px; max-width: 100%;"/><br /><br /><img alt="TagInput - dark mode" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/febebb74-0b6e-4cd6-beaf-0d5b887e0939" style="width: 522px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>TextBox</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/47930d85-ec80-44b4-802d-6fe72d81bee4" alt="TextBoxdemo" style="width: 343px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />There appears to be no easy way for styling the caret thickness and margin |
|| <h3>TextSelectionHandle</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ThemeVariantScope</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>TimePicker</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>TitleBar</h3> |
|||
|| <h3>ToggleButton</h3> |
|||
|(✅) | <h3>ToggleSwitch</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3fb54744-283e-4848-9da8-b6f4bd9923c1" alt="ToggleSwitch" style="width: 382px; max-width: 100%;" /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e9428a6d-ac3d-4e60-a770-e1365cbdb3d3" alt="ToggleSwitch dark mode" style="width: 382px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|✅ | <h3>ToolTip</h3> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/92d9e28e-c955-4643-9d50-ee785f19bbb9" alt="ToolTipdemo - light" style="width: 300px; max-width: 100%;" /><br /><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1de29b7a-25e8-4f41-985d-fb2e4f687c1b" alt="ToolTip demo - dark" style="width: 300px; max-width: 100%;" /> |
|| <h3>TransitioningContentControl</h3> |
|||
|✅ | <h3>TreeView</h3> <h4>TreeViewItem<h4> |
|| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67a61905-e71e-4799-92c7-018c9342c7ed" alt="TabControl demo" style="width: 715px; max-width: 100%;" /> <br />Use `Classes="MacOS_Theme_AlternatingRowColor"` to achieve striped background.  (Cannot currently be rendered with rounded corners & breaks when default TreeViewItem height is altered (see comment in ThemeResources.axaml))|
|✅ | <h3>Window</h3> |
|| Controls inherit basic MacOS-specific Fore-/Background & Font styling from Window (or EmbeddableControlRoot)|
|| <h3>WindowNotificationManager</h3> |
|||
